With this ext, you can make notes on any web page, any position. when you open that page again, the notes get loaded automaticly.

The features:
1) on any page, you can make note on the web page, on any position
2) the notes get saved in real time.
3) all notes can move by mouse: drag and drop
4) when you go to that page again, the notes get loaded automatically.
5) and on the logo, it show a badge indicate the note counts of that page.
6) options to change the style of notes
7) a notes summary feature 

To use the notes summary and customize note style feature, right click the icon on the tool bar. and choose 'Options'

After you install it, you need open a new tab, load any website to use it. or if you want use it in existing tab, you need refresh that tab this ext works on web pages, but not on chrome:// pages(google has restrict to it)



We use "notifications" to improve the user experience, to create extended notifications for custom notes, timers, checklists using templates, and to display these notifications to users in the notification area.

We use "identity" to improve the user experience by storing, retrieving and tracking user preference changes when reusing a product.

We use the context menu to give the user the ability to hide the selected elements on the page

We use "privacy" to protect users from phishing and malware.

We use "storage" to improve the user experience by storing, retrieving and tracking changes to user data.

We use "tabs" to interact with the browser's tab system and customize it by the user.


We use "unlimitedStorage" for correct work with filters and user settings.

We use "webNavigation" to receive notifications about the status of navigation requests in-flight.

We use the webRequest API to monitor and analyze traffic, as well as to intercept, block, or modify user-configured requests in-flight.

We use the "webRequestBlocking" to block unwanted requests configured by the user in-flight.

For the correct operation of the application, we use our own and third-party actual filters that are updated and stored on various services.

For the application to work correctly, we use our own and third-party filters, which may partially contain css code and selectors.

